{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11300\viewh15380\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 BubbleSpeech
\b0\fs48 \

\fs24 \

\b event itemOnFloor
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Hey, you dropped my \{0\} on the floor"\
\'93Ewww, I wanna eat that later\'94\
\'93Now my \{0\} comes with filth, thank you\'94\
\'93Hm, dirty \{0\}\'94\
\'93Dirt as side dish, yummy\'94\
\'93I don\'92t wanna eat that anymore\'94\
\'93I don\'92t pay for food on the floor\'94\
\'93Pick up my \{0\} you douche bag\'94\
\'93Who wants to eat this \{0\} now you think? I don\'92t\'94
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b event waitingToLong
\b0 \
\
\'93I don\'92t have all day, work faster!\'94\
\'93Come on, how long can it take to scan this few things\'94\
\'93Is this your first day here?\'94\
\'93You are the slowest cashier I\'92ve ever seen\'94\
\'93Should\'92t be that hard to be a little faster\'94\
\'93Is slower even possible?\'94\
\'93You will fall asleep if you\'92re getting even slower\'94\
\'93Can I have a faster cashier, please?\'94\
\'93You are wasting my time here. Big time!\'94\
\'93Watching you work makes me fall asleep\'94\
\'93Can you open a second checkout? Now!\'94\
\'93What is taking you so long?\'94\
\'93Zweite Kassa bitte\'94\
\'93I am in a hurry by the way\'94\
\

\b event multipleScanned\
\

\b0 \'93You scanned my \{0\} again, you fool!\'94\
\'93Do I have to pay for this again now?\'94\
\'93Hey stupid, that \{0\} has already been scanned\'94\
\'93Not paying for this twice, you know\'94\
\'93All my items should be scanned once. ONCE!\'94\
\'93Am I having a deja vu or have you just scanned my \{0\} again?\'94\
\'93Are you really too stupid to do your simple job correctly?\
\'93Each item should be scanned once, it is really not that hard\'94\
\'93Wake up, you\'92ve already scanned this \{0\}\'94\

\b \
event notMyItem
\b0 \
\
\'93This is not my \{0\}\'94\
\'93You prick, that \{0\} isn\'92t mine\'94\
\'93That\'92s not my purchase\'94\
\'93I don\'92t wanna buy this \{0\}\'94\
\'93Not mine, dork\'94\
\'93These signs are here to separate the costumers, you know?\'94 \
\

\b event itemNotScanned\
\

\b0 \'93Sure you are allowed to do that?\'94\
\'93You haven\'92t scanned that \{0\}, you know?\'94\
\'93Your boss won\'92t be amused\'85\'94\
\'93For free, you sure?\'94\
\'93Hm, that\'92s kind of stealing\'94\
\'93Not sure I am feeling comfortable doing this\'94\
\'93Free \{0\}, cool!\'94\
\'93Thanks, love free stuff\'94\
\'93Didn\'92t know CHESTO is giving away \{0\}s for free ;)\'94\
\'93That\'92s quite generous, thx\'94\
\'93Oh, that \{0\} is on you then?\'94\
}