{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 CHESTO - At The Checkout\
\
Playing Manual
\b0\fs30 \
Press \'93Start Shift\'94 on the title screen to start playing. To scan an item, grab it with the mouse and drag it towards the scanner in the middle of the screen. Once it\'92s there, it will be pinned and you have to rotate the item so that the barcode faces downward. The red light of the scanner will igve you feedback if you have rotated it correctly. Keep it there until it beeps, then your item is scanned. Once scanned you need to drag the item into the shopping cart. \
To move items closer to the scanner you can always press space to move conveyor belt. Your shift runs from 15:00 (3pm) to 20:00 (8pm). Try to sell as many items as possible. After 20:00 you wont get paid for your work but you still have to finish all items at your checkout.\
After you finished your last customer, CHESTOs Humans Ressources Director Miss Kessler will give you your pay slip. Additionally your shifts profits will be uploaded to CHESTOs Business Analytics Servers. Be sure to checkout how much CHESTO made with your effort by looking at the live data stream on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://brokenrul.es/games/Chesto"}}{\fldrslt http://brokenrul.es/games/Chesto}}.\
The way you play will influence CHESTOs profit!\
\

\b\fs60 Pro Tips
\b0\fs30 \
- You can flick items into the basket\
- Hold your mouse button while an item is scanned and it will snap to your mouse once done.\
- Use the conveyor belt.\
- Try to minimize your unpaid workload after 20:00.\
- Visit Toni G\'fcnther Eisners blog to see his extravagant lifestyle: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://toniguenthereisner.tumblr.com"}}{\fldrslt http://toniluschesiner.tumblr.com}}\
- Put you keyboard on the floor for authentic feeling :)\
}